Make `transform` Source API consistent (#21749)
storybookjs/storybook: MIGRATION.md

Referencing stories by `id="xyz--abc"` is deprecated and should be replaced with `of={}` as above. Referencing multiple stories via `ids={["xyz--abc"]}` is now deprecated and should be avoided (instead use two source blocks).

> The parameter to transform the source has been moved from `parameters.docs.transformSource` (and `parameters.docs.source.transformSource` and `parameters.jsx.transformSource`) to `parameters.docs.source.transform`, but it behaves the same way.

Reviewer: How about?

```suggestion
The parameter to transform the source has been consolidated from the multiple parameters of `parameters.docs.transformSource`, `parameters.docs.source.transformSource` and `parameters.jsx.transformSource` to the single `parameters.docs.source.transform`. The behavior is otherwise unchanged.
```
